ot object store box in database bookmarks_box.
Got object store box in database tasks_box.
Got object store box in database settings_box.
══╡ EXCEPTION CAUGHT BY SCHEDULER LIBRARY ╞═════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
The following NativeError object was thrown during a scheduler callback:
  Error: TypeError: Instance of 'LegacyJavaScriptObject': type 'LegacyJavaScriptObject' is not a
subtype of type 'DiagnosticsNode'

When the exception was thrown, this was the stack:
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/errors.dart 274:3       throw_
errors.dart:274
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_shared/lib/rti.dart 1503:3                              _generalAsCheckImplementation
rti.dart:1503
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/js_array.dart 92:14                 add]
js_array.dart:92
package:flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 3047:7                            <fn>
diagnostics.dart:3047
package:flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 3048:14                           add
diagnostics.dart:3048
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 118:77  tear
operations.dart:118
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/js_array.dart 219:7                 forEach]
js_array.dart:219
package:flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 735:7                              debugFillProperties
assertions.dart:735
package:flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 2924:11                           <fn>
diagnostics.dart:2924
package:flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 2926:16                           get builder
diagnostics.dart:2926
package:flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 1303:56                            get builder
assertions.dart:1303
package:flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 2945:68                           getProperties
diagnostics.dart:2945
package:flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 1270:62                           [_debugRender]
diagnostics.dart:1270
package:flutter/src/foundation/diagnostics.dart 1137:14                           render
diagnostics.dart:1137
package:flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 1039:44                            dumpErrorToConsole
assertions.dart:1039
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 118:77  tear
operations.dart:118
package:flutter/src/foundation/assertions.dart 1203:14                            reportError
assertions.dart:1203
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 7305:16                                _reportException
framework.dart:7305
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 2697:7                                 [_tryRebuild]
framework.dart:2697
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 2752:11                                [_flushDirtyElements]
framework.dart:2752
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3056:17                                buildScope
framework.dart:3056
package:flutter/src/widgets/binding.dart 1259:9                                   drawFrame
binding.dart:1259
package:flutter/src/rendering/binding.dart 495:5                                  [_handlePersistentFrameCallback]
binding.dart:495
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 118:77  tear
operations.dart:118
package:flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1434:7                                 [_invokeFrameCallback]
binding.dart:1434
package:flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1347:9                                 handleDrawFrame
binding.dart:1347
package:flutter/src/scheduler/binding.dart 1200:5                                 [_handleDrawFrame]
binding.dart:1200
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 118:77  tear
operations.dart:118
lib/_engine/engine/platform_dispatcher.dart 1522:5                                invoke
platform_dispatcher.dart:1522
lib/_engine/engine/platform_dispatcher.dart 265:5                                 invokeOnDrawFrame
platform_dispatcher.dart:265
lib/_engine/engine/frame_service.dart 192:32                                      [_renderFrame]
frame_service.dart:192
lib/_engine/engine/frame_service.dart 99:9                                        <fn>
frame_service.dart:99
dart-sdk/lib/async/zone.dart 1849:54                                              runUnary
zone.dart:1849
dart-sdk/lib/async/zone.dart 1804:26                                              <fn>
zone.dart:1804
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/js_allow_interop_patch.dart 224:27    _callDartFunctionFast1
js_allow_interop_patch.dart:224
════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
DartError: HiveError: The box "bookmarks_box" is already open and of type Box<String>.
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/errors.dart 274:3       throw_
errors.dart:274
package:hive/src/hive_impl.dart 182:9                                             [_getBoxInternal]
hive_impl.dart:182
package:hive/src/hive_impl.dart 197:33                                            box
hive_impl.dart:197
package:hive/src/hive_impl.dart 80:16                                             <fn>
hive_impl.dart:80
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 623:19               <fn>
async_patch.dart:623
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 648:23               <fn>
async_patch.dart:648
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 542:3                _asyncStartSync
async_patch.dart:542
package:hive/src/hive_impl.dart 61:22                                             [_openBox]
hive_impl.dart:61
package:hive/src/hive_impl.dart 142:18                                            <fn>
hive_impl.dart:142
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 623:19               <fn>
async_patch.dart:623
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 648:23               <fn>
async_patch.dart:648
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 542:3                _asyncStartSync
async_patch.dart:542
package:hive/src/hive_impl.dart 128:18                                            openBox
hive_impl.dart:128
package:som_home/pages/settings_page.dart 40:37                                   <fn>
settings_page.dart:40
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 623:19               <fn>
async_patch.dart:623
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 648:23               <fn>
async_patch.dart:648
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/async_patch.dart 542:3                _asyncStartSync
async_patch.dart:542
package:som_home/pages/settings_page.dart 39:16                                   [_initBackupService]
settings_page.dart:39
package:som_home/pages/settings_page.dart 29:5                                    initState
settings_page.dart:29
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5852:55                                [_firstBuild]
framework.dart:5852
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5699:5                                 mount
framework.dart:5699
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4548:15                                inflateWidget
framework.dart:4548
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3998:20                                updateChild
framework.dart:3998
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6051:5                                 update
framework.dart:6051
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4139:32                                updateChildren
framework.dart:4139
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 7202:17                                update
framework.dart:7202
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 7025:14                                update
framework.dart:7025
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 7025:14                                update
framework.dart:7025
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5797:5                                 update
framework.dart:5797
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5797:5                                 update
framework.dart:5797
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5797:5                                 update
framework.dart:5797
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6051:5                                 update
framework.dart:6051
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6051:5                                 update
framework.dart:6051
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4139:32                                updateChildren
framework.dart:4139
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 7202:17                                update
framework.dart:7202
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6051:5                                 update
framework.dart:6051
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5884:11                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5884
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5909:5                                 update
framework.dart:5909
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5884:11                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5884
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5909:5                                 update
framework.dart:5909
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6051:5                                 update
framework.dart:6051
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5884:11                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5884
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5909:5                                 update
framework.dart:5909
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 7025:14                                update
framework.dart:7025
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6051:5                                 update
framework.dart:6051
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 7025:14                                update
framework.dart:7025
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5884:11                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5884
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5909:5                                 update
framework.dart:5909
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5884:11                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5884
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5909:5                                 update
framework.dart:5909
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6051:5                                 update
framework.dart:6051
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6051:5                                 update
framework.dart:6051
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6051:5                                 update
framework.dart:6051
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3982:14                                updateChild
framework.dart:3982
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5747:16                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5747
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5884:11                                performRebuild
framework.dart:5884
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5435:7                                 rebuild
framework.dart:5435
package:flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 5909:5                                 update
framework.dart:5909
package:flutter/src/widgets/frame